Eventing team code guidelines conclusion (#630)
kyma-project/community: concepts/eventing-code-guidelines.md

Furthermore, consider using `github.com/kyma-project/kyma/common/logging/logger`, which provides further **abstraction** over `uber-go/zap`.

<!-- voting options:

> 1. [ueber-go/zap](https://github.com/uber-go/zap) // proposed by guidelines

Reviewer: Do we need a line stating the logger we must use?

Author: We do already have that, check [structured logging](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/4ebb59628325f2acc626e02e94dc28a02853e837/concepts/eventing-code-guidelines.md#structured-logging) section :)

Reviewer: Ah I missed it! All good 👍

**Goals**:
- Avoid regression: Whenever you close a bug, make sure that this bug will not get reintroduced. 
- Express intent of code: Code should be self-explanatory and documented. In addition, tests help in understanding the intention of the code by providing test cases where you can easily see the (1) input to the code and (2) the expected outcome.
- Drive development: Yes, tests can help drive development. They enable you to run code that is otherwise hard to run because it needs a complex setup. Imagine that in order to test a Kubernetes controller, you need to build a Docker image, push the image, and deploy the controller. This is a very time-consuming approach. You should always aim for a **short feedback cycle**.
<!-- inspired by https://fossa.com/blog/golang-best-practices-testing-go/#Why -->

### Regression Tests

> Whenever you close a bug, add a test which prevents the bug from getting re-introduced (*regression*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whenever you close a bug, add a test that prevents the bug from getting re-introduced (*regression*).
```

> In order to understand at any time why the tests exists, you must **link** it to an **issue** to provide further context (if an issue exists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to understand at any time why the tests exist, you must **link** the test to an **issue** to provide further context (if an issue exists).
```

> In order to understand at any time why the tests exist, you must **link** the test to an **issue** to provide further context (if an issue exists).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provide context to help understanding the purpose of the test. For example, if a test is based on an issue, you must **link** the test to the **issue**.
```
